# Data from 
Marin M, Vargas R Jr, Harris M, Jeffrey B, Epperson LE, Durbin D, Strong M, Salfinger M, Iqbal Z, Akhundova I, Vashakidze S, Crudu V, Rosenthal A, Farhat MR. Benchmarking the empirical accuracy of short-read sequencing across the M. tuberculosis genome. Bioinformatics. 2022 Apr 1;38(7):1781–1787. 

`a set of refined low confidence (RLC) regions of the Mtb reference genome. The RLC regions are defined to account for the largest sources of error and uncertainty in analysis of Illumina WGS, and is defined as the union of (A) The 30 false positive hot spot regions identified (65 kb), (B) low recall genomic regions with empirical base-level recall < 0.9 (142 kb with 30 kb overlap with (A)) and (C) regions ambiguously defined by long-read sequencing (Section 4, 16 kb). We additionally evaluated the overlap between all detected structural variations and the three RLC categories: RLC subset (A) overlapped 28% of structural variations, RLC subset (B) overlapped with 65% of structural variations and RLC subset (C) overlapped with 14% of SVs. In total, the proposed RLC regions account for 177 kb (4.0%) of the total H37Rv genome and their masking represents a conservative approach to variant filtering. Across the 36 isolates evaluated, masking of the RLC regions with filtering threshold of MQ > 40 for BWA-Pilon’s SNS variant calling would produce a mean F1-score of 0.882, with a mean precision of 99.9% and a mean recall of 78.9%.`

# Usage
Use AF13 with paired-end illumina short reads of 100+ base pairs. For shorter or single-end reads, use AF14 which is RLC regions + low pileup mappability
